Brave capsule dwellers,
Another year in the capsule is quickly approaching
The daily routine is finely tuned to perfection
Every detail falls into place
Routine rules
The captains have done an excellent job
Unity reigns in every capsule
Community spaces host lectures and debates
Vigorous brainstorming for the future is underway
What kind of world, what kind of society do they want
to see at the end of the Vivaarium experiment?
As a result of Silver's collective vote,
Estonians will remain settled in the future
The home courtyard becomes the center of life once again,
as every Estonian is guaranteed
a piece of land.
At the same time, this pushes out
all kinds of foreign species
The Estonian language is preserved better than ever
and the entire capsule rejoices
As a result of Violet's collective vote,
the focus is on procreation
Expect a lot of newborns
Childless individuals contribute to the community
with their time and assist future parents
with preparations
Total unity prevails
As a result of Turquoise's collective vote,
traditional reproduction methods are eliminated
The first purified and enhanced embryos are ready to mature
A new groundbreaking generation is already on its way
And meanwhile, Turquoises
don't have to torture their bodies but can
surf in Vivaverse.
Everyone is content!
All is well!
As a result of Lime's collective vote,
having children has become a paid endeavor
This has a clear impact on the group -
Not a single pregnancy!
Not to mention all the other restrictions
In the Lime capsule, every last expense
has been minimized - even flushing the toilet
occurs once a day
No one complains
Well, actually, there are a few complainers
They vote against the capsule's goals,
they conspire against their capsule mates
Could they become a problem?
Hardly
The captains keep a close eye
on the troublemakers